	A young man with shock blue fizzy hair looked around the room he was in. He didn't remember anything, from where he cam form to even his own name. He groaned and rubbed his head as he sat up. Looking down, he noticed he was only wearing a grey underwear. He got to his feet and shook his hair out. A few people were standing around, not bothering to help him out. The young man, a boy, actually, wondered if he had any clothes when an inventory screen opened in front of him. "Holy -" He bit his lip to refrain from cursing. He saw there were 2 bars; one that determined his current and max carry weight that was colored blue, and the maximum number of different items he could carry. He noticed that there was a cotton shirt and a pair of ragged shorts. He pulled them on and walked over to an old woman standing under an overhead vestibule/tent.
	
	"Hello, dear," an oldish woman greeted him as the boy stumbled over.
	
	The boy looked up. His eyes portraying fear, but mostly confusion. "W-were you talking to me?"
	
	The woman nodded. "Yes. My name is Sorfina. Let me help you get started in this world." The boy made no objection, so she continued, "Do you know your name?"
	
	They boy thought. "I-I can't really remember," he said.
	
	Sorfina shook her head and clicked her tongue. "I knew he would have amnesia. Another test gone wrong..."
	
	"I-I think...I vaguely remember.." he struggled to catch his faded memories. "I think I was called DP or something."
	
	Sorfina nodded encouragingly. "Yes, yes, go on. Do you remember where you cam from?"
	
	DP tried to think, but a sudden pain struck him, and he groaned as his head felt like it was going to split. "I-I ...ugh.... don't know..."
	
	Sorfina looked slightly concerned. "Would you like me to help you out?"
	
	DP shook his head, the pain subsiding. "No, I'm fine. Thank you very much though."
	
	"I insist-"
	
	"Look, " Dp said, cutting her off. "I said no. I want to figure things out on my own."
	
	"You still don't look too-"
	
	"Do you not know what no means?" Dp exploded. He walked out of the house and closed the door behind him.
	
	"We need to watch him," Sorfina said. "He isn't one of those mindless players."
	
	"Have Kaan, Jack and Tulimshar Ferry master Joeen watch him."
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
