Cybervortex sat on a sunny field and watched the clouds go by, comparing it to his life. He had suddenly grew fearful of Andrea's well-being. More and more monster mobs appeared in the woods nowadays, and although she could fight, she was no match for the rumoured Trashcans. Trashcans were grey, trashcan like creatures (hence the name) and the monsters have super strong and long arms. They have been rumoured to destroy villages at a time.

Andrea was Cyber's closest friend. She had light brown hair and blue eyes. She usually wore a grey sweater and dark blue jeans with brown hiking boots. She had a sweet smile and a gentle face.

Cyber glanced at his quiver, half-full with 20 arrows, all iron tipped. Suddenly, he heard a cry that chilled him to the bone. Andrea. He scooped up his bow and and ran through the woods calling out her name. "Andrea! Andrea!!" He yelled as he broke through some bushes.

As he ran, he heard Andrea call out his name. He came upon a huge crack in the ground In it, Andrea had her sword outstretched at dozens of sword-wielding zombies. "I'm here!!" he called out, nocking an arrow onto his bowstring. He pulled the string and took careful aim before letting go. He shot a zombie straight in the eye. He continued to shoot the monsters until his quiver emptied. He cursed and jumped down. Something happened, however, and he blacked out temporarily. When he awoke, he saw Andrea being forced against the wall by a zombie. He hurled his sword at it, killing it instantly.

He stumbled to his feet and reached Andrea's side. "It's okay now, I'm here."

"Cyber, " Andrea whispered, hugging him. "There is someone else here."

Cyber was aware of screams of terror below in some dark hole. "Stay here, Dream, " he instructed. "I'll check it out."

"You can't go alone, " Andrea objected.

"I can't lose you, " Cyber replied, picking up an arrow. He slowly lowered himself down in the hole, unaware that tears were streaming down Andrea's face. "I can't lose you either," she whispered.

Cyber slowly made his way through the strange cave, the screams being his guide. As he got closer, he suddenly be came aware of someone coiming behind him. He dashed into forth and came into a room where he saw a young man locked in irons, staring at him

"Who are you? What are you doing here?" Cyber asked, looking about the room.

"I-I don't know," The prisoner stammered.  "Please help me with these shackles, They are chafing my wrists."

Cyber walked over to him. Quick as a wink, the man stabbed him in the stomach with a diamond sword. Cyber groaned as he collapsed to the floor, hunched over.

"You're easily gullable, " the once-prisoner cackled. "I'm Deathrox, and I believe your best friend is up there. Too bad you won't see her again."

"Not if I can help it, " Cyber muttered, drawing his bow with his only arrow. "Lord, " he prayed. "Direct my shot." He released and hit Deathrox in the back. The latter gasped as the cave exploded and a portal opened.

"I'm sorry, Andrea, " Cyber thought. "Good bye."

Deathrox and Cyber disappeared into a different dimension(only possible in Minecraft) and everything in the cave.

BUT IT"S NEVER GOOD BYE............UNTIL IT'S TOO LATE..........AND IT'S NEVER TOO LATE.

A long while later, Cyber woke up. He found himself lying down on a floating stone platform. Not far off he saw Deathrox also waking up. Cyber stumbled to his feet to take in his surroundings. There were floating pieces of rock everywhere and the colour behind it was just purple and black. Iron ingots, sticks and crafting tables floated about, along with other types of ores like gold, diamond and emerald.

Deathrox glanced over at Cyber and they locked eyes for a moment. Then they jumped off their platforms gathering materials.
