The Gong Academy was for students who wished to learn ninjtsu and jujitsu, and it was situated at the top of a tall hill located somewhere in Virginia, and Sensei Chang made sure that he kept most of the traditional japanese decorations and also some Korean as well. So far, he had 4 students that were on their way to his school: Kyle Brown, Zach Forwa, Colin Hare and Jake Wood.

One day, Sensei Chang noticed 4 boys, or rather, young men, climbing the steps to the dojo from four different directions. The boy coming from the north had brown wavy hair and soft orange eyes. He was tall and lean, and showed signs of agility, to a certain extent. He wore a red sweat-shirt, dark blue denims and red sneakers. By his decription, Chang believed him to be Colin Hare. 

The boy from the east contrasted greatly. He brown spiky hair, sharp brown eyes. He was shorter, but was pretty muscular, or at least, Sensei Chang thought that from his little observation post. He wore a flaming blue sweat-shirt, ripped jeans and blue high-topped converse sneakers. Senseil Chang thought him Kyle Brown.

The boy coming from the south had black hair and clear brown eyes. He looked to be the heaviest of all of them, but looked athletic and fit nonetheless. He wore a brown t-shirt and dark-grey sweat pants and hiking boots. He too was very muscular, probably more so than Kyle. Sensei Chang thought him to be Jake Wood.

Finally, the boy from the west. He had strange blonde-white hair that seemed a little stuck-up. He had sky blue eys and a slight confident smile on his face. He wore a white sweater and light blue denims and grey sneakers. He was the only one who carried a backpack, which, Sensei Chang was curious to look into.

The four boys climbed the many steps and reached the top at roughly the same time. Sensei Chang hid himself to let his new students interact a little. Besides, he also wished to learn their personality.

"Hey, " The orange-eyed boy greeted after they all caught their breath.

"Hi, " The brown haired boy replied. a little shy.

"Yo, " The spiky haired boy said, "I'm Kyle."

"Zach, " the blonde haired boy said.

"I'm Colin, " the first boy who spoke said.

"I'm Jake, nice meeting you, " the last boy said. "Soo... I wonder where the sensei is."

"What's your element?" Colin asked as the four boys began exploring the courtyard with unconcealed intrest.

"What?" Jake said, turning around.

"Your element," Colin repeated. "I thought all the students had an element."

"Mine is Lightning, wanna see?" Kyle said, rolling up his sleeves.

"Sure, " Jake said, gesturing to the spacious courtyard.

Kyle walked to the the center of the courtyard and shot a small bolt of lighting at the sky which created a tremendous explosion. Zach nodded, impressed. "Nice."

Colin walked to the center as Kyle retired behind a pillar."My turn!" Colin cried gleefully as he generated two fireballs in his hands. He threw them into the sky where they burned out.

"Create some more fire, Colin, " Zane called out.

"What? He gets to go twice?" Kyle said.

"Just watch, " Zach replied. As Colin created more fireballs, Zach put them out with some ice.

"Your turn, " Zach said, turning to Jake.

Jake blushed slightly, "I-I can't do anything yet." He looked slightly ashamed of himself.

Colin put a hand on his shoulder. "Don't worry, pal. I'm sure the sensei, where ever he is, can help you."

"Indeed, I will, " Sensei Chang said, coming out from where he had hid. "Welcome to Gong Academy. I'll take you to your quarters where you will be staying for the next 5 months."

Sensei Chang led his new students to their quarters. As they walked, though, the boys marveled at the finely decorated walls and carpets. Thhere were paintings of dragons, Biblical events, and fighting styles. They finally arrived at an old wooden door that had a strange korean symbol over it. Upon opening the door, Colin, Jake, Kyle and Zach saw that there room-to-be looked very comfortable. There were two bathrooms, and 2 bunk beds. There were 4 dressers and a large circle carpet in the middle of the room.

"Awesome!" Kyle cried, running towards the beds.

"Yeah!" Colin cheered, jumping onto the carpet.

"Thank you, Sensei," Zach said with a bow. Jake followed suit.

"You're very welcome, students," Sensei Chang said with a smile.

"You chose an awesome place, Sensei," Kyle said from the beds.

"Thanks, Sensei, " Colin added.

"This is just a room, students, " Sensei Chang said with a chuckle.

"True," Colin said.
